( serene theme playing )
Welcome to Earth.
I am Admiral Bullock and I will
be your commanding officer
for the next six months.
Questions, comments--
bring them to me.
talk to Lieutenant Kinis.
Problems--
Larson...
to the Federation Counsel
you're assigned
Deputy Liaison Officer.
Young and Reiskin, report
to Orbital Flight Control.
vessels from the Bolian sector.
You'll be monitoring incoming
to your commanding officer
Report back
as soon as you've completed
your assignments.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( indistinct chattering )
( majestic theme playing )
some time there, son.
I can save you
They're bamboo.
I know that.
Unfortunately, my tricorder
is reading them as maple trees.
I think the isodyne relays
must be malfunctioning.
a visit to Logistical Support?
Well, why don't you pay
Maybe they'll issue
you a new one.
Good idea.
that way myself.
I'm going
Mind some company?
Not at all.
assignment here?
So, what's your
I don't know.
I haven't received
my orders yet.
I just arrived.
From where?
A three-year tour
on the Intrepid.
Is that a fact?
patrolling the Neutral Zone.
I thought the Intrepid was
It is. I caught a transport
vessel at Deep Space 7.
Got tired of wrestling
with the Romulans?
Let's just say
it's good to be back.
What about yourself?
How long have you been
posted here, Mister...?
Boothby. Boothby
is the name.
Boothby, I've heard of you.
I should hope so.
I've been tending these
grounds for 54 years.
a few months.
Give or take
And beautiful
grounds they are.
Mm-hmm.
Logistical Support.
the main complex,
Straight through
on your right.
second door
Thank you.
Commander.
Logistics is a secure area.
They won't let you in
with that
holo-imaging device.
Fresh from
the Neutral Zone...
double agent are you, son?
You're not a Romulan
recording a few images
Actually, I was just
for my friends back home.
posing for a shot?
Would you mind
Me? You want a picture of me?
My friends would be impressed.
The one and only Boothby.
Well, when you
put it that way.
Cadet!
Take our picture,
will you?
Don't cut off our heads.
I expect a copy of that,
young man.
( sighs )
( suspenseful theme swells )
( jazz music playing
over speakers )
( people chattering )
You're in my seat.
And you're reading my book.
You want my drink, too?
Depends. What is it?
Klingon martini-- vermouth,
gin, with a dash of bloodwine.
Bloodwine-- never
touch the stuff.
What do you like?
waiting for a friend.
Excuse me, I was
Valerie Archer.
Hayek. Jason Hayek.
Nice tattoo.
I bet there's a story behind it.
Ha. A long one.
A Cave Beyond Logic:
Vulcan Perspectives
on Platonic Thought.
Sounds fascinating.
You can borrow it
if you like.
Thanks anyway.
I can only take
of Vulcan philosophy.
small doses
Stationed here?
Temporarily.
Where do you call home?
Where are you from?
You first.
Everywhere. My parents
were starship officers.
By the time I was ten,
I'd seen half the Quadrant.
Starfleet brat.
Bratty as they come.
( choking )
( dramatic theme playing )
Can I ask you a question?
Have you ever reverted?
Reverted?
Not yet.
Ensign O'Halloran, this is
his third time this week.
If it happens again, they'll
pull him out of training.
What about you?
Any trouble?
Oh, I can keep my human form.
It's the little things
that bother me.
Little things?
Breathing oxygen,
bipedal locomotion,
and sleeping--
the concept of being unconscious
for eight hours a night,
it's so...alien.
I know what you mean.
That's why I started
reading their books.
For some reason,
it helps me relax.
But we shouldn't be
talking about this.
Think human. Talk human.
Be human. Remember?
How could I forget?
So, had a chance
to take a look around?
Not yet.
Headquarters has
a lot more to offer
than conference rooms
and consoles...
if you have the right guide.
Is that an invitation?
I get off duty at 1900 hours.
Commander.
TUVOK:
Speak of the devil.
We were just discussing
Vulcan philosophy.
Join us.
Another time perhaps.
We have work to do.
Oh, can't it wait?
I'm afraid not.
What about tonight?
Do we have a date?
1900 hours--
meet you right here.
I'll do my best.
Live long and prosper.
A "date"?
Relax, Tuvok. I plan
on standing her up.
We agreed to limit our
investigation to surveillance.
It was worth the risk.
about training.
She talked
These are some kind of aliens
learning to pose as humans.
For what purpose?
I didn't get that far.
I don't know.
We're due back at the
transporter coordinates.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Excuse me! Gentlemen!
You've entered a restricted
area, captains and above.
Sorry, we didn't
realize--
to ask you to come with me.
I'm going to have
Why?
All unauthorized
personnel
by Starfleet Intelligence.
are to be debriefed
from Admiral Bullock.
Direct orders
Listen, Ensign, we're late for a
meeting with Starfleet Command.
The debriefing will
have to wait.
I'm sorry, Commander.
( chuckles )
Very well.
( grunts )
When he regains
consciousness,
to report this incident.
he'll no doubt want
Chakotay to Paris.
Three to beam up.
PARIS:
Three?
I'll explain later.
Who's that?
One of Starfleet's finest.
Take us to Voyager.
What did you find
down there?
Earth.
( suspenseful theme swells )
Welcome aboard.
Where am I?
On a starship.
What starship?
Why have you brought me here?
I'll be reporting this
incident to the Admiral.
You can drop the charade.
We know you're not human.
Who are you?
Gentry, David.
Rank: Ensign.
Starfleet service number
9-9-beta-3-2-7-8.
Planet of origin: Earth.
We're not interested in your
knowledge of human culture.
We're not part of
your re-creation.
I'm Captain Janeway
of the Federation Starship
Voyager.
I'm from Earth.
You're not.
Gentry, David.
Rank: Ensign.
Starfleet Service Number
9-9-beta-3-2-7-8.
Doctor.
What are you doing?
I need a sample
of your DNA.
Why?
tell us who you are,
Since you won't
to find out for ourselves.
we have no choice but
You won't be harmed.
Gentry to Headquarters.
Security alert!
We've disabled
your combadge.
No!
Don't touch me.
Disease!
Humans!
( whining snarl )
( suspenseful theme playing )
It appears he's released
into his bloodstream.
a cellular toxin
He's dead.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
JANEWAY:
exactly what's going on,
Until we know
I'm keeping Voyager concealed
behind a class-3 moon.
Federation Council,
Astrophysics,
CHAKOTAY:
Starfleet Medical Complex.
They even re-created
the officers' club--
the Quantum Cafe.
to time index 4228.
Computer, return
That's Boothby.
SEVEN: Captain?
The head groundskeeper
at Starfleet Academy.
When I was a cadet,
he used to give me fresh
roses for my quarters.
It's safe
to assume
this individual
is not Boothby.
Whoever they are,
they've gathered
incredibly accurate
information
about Starfleet
Headquarters.
to a Federation database.
Perhaps they had access
Or they've been
to San Francisco.
population consists
The habitat's
of humans, Vulcans,
Bolians, Ferengi...
All Alpha Quadrant
species.
What do we know
about this artificial
environment, Seven?
I've used the tricorder data
astrometric scans
holo-images and
to extrapolate a cross-section
of the interior.
I believe they used
a combination
of holographic projection
and particle synthesis.
Power source?
There are 13
thermionic generators
beneath the city.
the energy signatures.
I can't identify
The habitat's
heavily fortified.
They are well prepared
to defend against an attack.
DOCTOR: Sickbay to Captain.
Go ahead.
my postmortem analysis.
I've completed
You'd better get down here.
If this is a training ground,
On my way.
it could mean they're planning
an invasion of the Federation.
We should prepare for the worst.
to penetrate their defenses.
See if you can find a way
( suspenseful theme playing )
he may sound human,
He may look human,
DOCTOR:
he may even smell human,
but there's no question--
he's alien.
Was he genetically
altered?
On a highly
sophisticated level.
If it weren't
for microcellular scans,
I wouldn't be able
to distinguish him
from the genuine article.
I've managed to isolate
the alien DNA.
Fortunately, most of his cells
are still chemically active.
If I use
a cytokinetic injection,
I should be able to trigger
a genetic reversion.
Do it.
( rippling )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Talk about a wolf
in sheep's clothing.
Species 8472.
The question is:
to pose as human beings?
Why are they training
Back in
the 20th century,
the Soviets used
to build American towns
to train their agents to
infiltrate the United States.
Species 8472 could be doing
the same thing.
They're going
the Alpha Quadrant.
to infiltrate
Maybe they already have.
Tom's right. How
else could they
information about us?
have gathered their
Perhaps they acquired it
from the Borg.
how they got their data.
It doesn't matter
what they intend to do with it.
We need to find out
If our previous experience
is any indication,
they will try
to destroy Earth.
A logical assumption.
They did threaten to purge
our galaxy of all life.
Tuvok, keep working on a way
their habitat's power source.
to target
We're going to need nanoprobe
warheads and plenty of them.
Seven, see to it.
Yes, Captain.
In the meantime, I've
got a date to keep.
with one of them--
I made contact
Commander Valerie Archer.
Maybe I can capitalize
on the relationship,
of what they're planning.
get a better idea
Tom, Harry, take him back
in the Delta Flyer.
Keep a constant transporter
lock on him.
If Species 8472 attacks Earth...
the Federation won't have
any defenses against them,
and I don't need to remind you
to warn Starfleet Command.
that we have no way
Voyager may be the last defense
against an all-out invasion
of Earth.
( suspenseful theme swells )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Last minute preparations?
my big night out.
Just planning
I can recommend
a nice Japanese
the Embarcadero.
replimat on
I was never very good
with chopsticks.
Starfleet Headquarters.
Brings back memories
just a re-creation.
even if it is
last visit there.
I remember my
I was given my
general orders
for Voyager's
first mission--
proceed to the Badlands,
and find the Maquis.
The orders
that brought us together.
What about you?
you were at Headquarters?
When was the last time
Before today?
March 3, 2368--
the day I resigned
my commission.
I can still remember
the look on the Admiral's face.
Which one?
Namimby.
Academy, didn't he?
He taught at the
That's right.
Interspecies ethics,
wasn't it?
Tactical analysis.
Of course.
( sighs )
Kathryn, you think
I might be one of them.
You're testing me.
in the alien habitat
You and Tuvok were
for nearly three hours.
Anything could have
happened down there.
True.
Why don't you have Tuvok
meet us in Sickbay?
a microcellular analysis.
The doctor can perform
Tuvok's already there.
You could've just asked me
to report to Sickbay.
Gentry's reaction,
Given Ensign
a little more tactful.
I thought I'd be
You're not taking any
chances, are you?
Don't feel singled out.
I've asked the doctor
to examine the entire crew.
There's no telling
how 8472
got their information
about Starfleet--
from the Borg, Earth.
For all we know, there's
been an impostor on board.
Cell morphology normal.
All of your nucleotide
sequences
are accounted for.
You're 100 percent human.
That's a relief.
And Tuvok?
Green-blooded Vulcan
through and through.
Well, two down,
125 to go.
You'd better get going.
Right.
I don't want to be late.
Just be home
before midnight.
Yes, ma'am.
( suspenseful theme playing )
I've enhanced this tricorder
with a transoptic
datalink.
It should help you access
some of their systems.
Type-1 phaser, modified
to fire Borg nanoprobes.
Right.
Do you always arm yourself
before a first date?
You've never had a date
with Species 8472.
with girls from other galaxies.
Personally, I don't go out
explorer, Chakotay.
You're a true
Is she cute?
In her human form, anyway.
would be like to date an alien.
I've always wondered what it
I'll take notes.
We're making our approach.
All stop.
Shields up.
( suspenseful theme playing )
DOCTOR:
Feisty little fellows.
You've increased their cellular
motility by over 200 percent.
I thought
it would be prudent
to maximize
their efficiency.
Seven, the last time
we used nanoprobes,
we sent 8472 scurrying
back to fluidic space.
efficient than that.
You can't get more
The species
is highly adaptive.
It's been over a year
since our first encounter.
They may have developed
a defense
against our technology.
There's one way to find out.
We can test the nanoprobes
on our corpse.
You'll find the body
in Morgue Chamber 3.
Beam it to the surgical bay.
The creature's only been dead
for a few hours.
There should still be plenty
of cellular activity.
Initiate a bio-scan,
full spectrum.
Don't worry.
It's an autonomic reflex.
still has residual
The creature
bio-electric activity
in its nervous system.
Something's wrong.
have taken effect by now.
The nanoprobes should
Hmm.
What is it?
The creature's nucleotides
are still intact.
It looks like your concerns
were warranted.
We'll have to inform
the Captain.
We may have to--
Doctor.
Hmm. False alarm.
I will replicate
more nanoprobes.
I don't mind
telling you, Seven,
I'm still holding out
for a diplomatic
solution.
Improbable.
Species 8472 will not
respond to diplomacy.
same thing about the Borg. Ha.
Funny. We used to say the
anything's possible
My point is,
if you keep an open mind.
Optimism, Seven.
the bright side.
Try to look on
It is difficult
to be optimistic
when we are preparing
for battle.
heard the phrase
Have you ever
is a good offense"?
"the best defense
Throughout human history,
No.
weapons of mass destruction
were often designed
they'd never be used.
in the hopes that
And yet, in Earth's
third world war,
nuclear weapons accounted
for 600 million casualties.
Were they looking
on the bright side?
An unfortunate
exception.
( suspenseful theme playing )
playing over speakers )
( lounge music
talking about you.
We were just
Oh?
you were going to show up.
She didn't think
I've known Archer
Boothby!
a first-year cadet.
since she was
She's not easily impressed.
you were her type.
I didn't think
( chuckling )
if you'll excuse me,
Oh, uh,
I've got some midnight orchids
that need my attention.
Think about what I said,
young lady.
You'll be fine.
Thank you, Boothby.
Problems?
commission this morning.
I was offered a field
the Starship Hor-CHA.
First Officer of
Congratulations.
It's a Klingon vessel.
Oh.
So, what did Boothby say?
Du cha
mee gagh roch.
"Smile when you
eat the gagh."
( laughing )
Wise words.
Yeah.
Do you always seek advice
from the groundskeeper?
Half the captains
in Starfleet
wouldn't be where
they are today
if it weren't for Boothby.
Lopez, Picard,
Richardson...
just to name a few.
Closing time.
You offered to be my guide.
Where's our next stop?
Can you dance?
I've been accused of trying.
at the Vulcan nightclub.
It's Pon farr Night
Vulcan?
It's just
around the corner.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( chuckles )
Take it easy, Harry.
We didn't build
the Delta Flyer
such extensive pacing.
to withstand
contacted us by now.
He should have
Give him time.
Four hours?
It's a date.
can't be rushed.
These things
just finished dinner,
They probably
a couple of drinks,
and now, they are moving
past the polite stage.
"Polite stage."
The last 8472 I met
tried to dissolve me
from the inside out.
It was only trying to get
to know you better, Harry.
a person for that.
You can't fault
take care of himself
Look, Chakotay can
and if he can't,
to come to the rescue?
who better than us
( suspenseful theme playing )
Turns out the transporter
malfunctioned.
My uniform ended up
in the pattern buffer.
You're kidding.
You were naked?
Not entirely.
I had my combadge.
I hope it was
well-placed.
Computer, lights.
So this is where
they're putting up
officers nowadays.
Not bad.
Can I get you
something to drink?
Water's fine.
I'm beginning to think
you're a teetotaler.
I like to stay
in control.
Always at Yellow
Alert, huh?
Something like that.
Find anything interesting?
Beyond the Galactic Edge:
Humanity's Quest for Infinity.
a 21st century edition
This is
of Hesterman, isn't it?
Good book, though.
Replicated.
Never read it.
You should.
Human beings--
they're quite a paradox.
Oh? How so?
At first glance...
they're so primitive--
no telepathy, violent--
genetic impurities,
and yet they've created
so many beautiful ways
to communicate their ideas--
literature, art, music.
At times, I've actually enjoyed
being in this form.
You must think I'm crazy.
Not at all.
I wonder what they think
about us?
Hard to say.
I'll tell you
what I think.
They despise us.
They'll attack any species
of their Federation. Mmm.
that's not a part
Speaking of being
in human form,
an isomorphic injection.
I could use
You need one?
I'm fine.
Make yourself at home.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Commander.
How do you like the view?
Lovely.
Looks like a full moon.
You can see the entire bay
on a night like this.
I should have brought
my holo-imager.
You make
a pretty picture.
Mm, feel that?
Salinated oxygen molecules
stimulating the epidermal
neural receptors.
Non-fluidic space
has its charms.
No argument there.
Planet Earth.
The simulation will be
real soon enough.
How soon do you think?
Weeks, days.
As soon as they think
we're ready.
Can I be honest with you?
Please.
I'm starting to wonder if
all this is worth the effort.
What do you mean?
This simulation,
our mission--
are we certain
the humans pose a threat?
They were allies
with the Borg.
They invaded our realm.
That was one incident.
Doesn't mean
the entire Federation
is planning a war against us.
We can't trust them.
We have to prepare
for the worst.
I'm not so sure.
human a little too long.
I think you've been
Before you know it,
I'll be sending my résumé
to the real Starfleet.
galaxy seeks employment.
Ha. "Alien from distant
References available
upon request."
Well, it's getting late.
I'd better go.
Already?
I have a tactical report
to finish before morning.
Aren't we forgetting
something?
human dating rituals,
I'm no expert at
but I think it's customary
to kiss good night.
( slight chuckle )
done this before.
You've never
Actually...
Me, neither.
Just...think of it as
part of our training.
( sighs )
( suspenseful theme playing )
( beeping )
Report.
MALE:
I analyzed his DNA.
Your suspicions were correct.
How much does he know?
It's difficult to say.
He'll have to be interrogated.
Where is he?
By now, he should be
in the main quad.
I recommend we go to daylight.
He'll be easier to track.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Chakotay to Paris.
Delta Flyer, respond!
( grunts )
( dramatic theme playing )
( suspenseful theme playing )
( door chimes )
Yes, come in.
The Borg modifications
are complete.
Nineteen standard photon
torpedoes and three class-10s
armed with high-yield
warheads.
More.
We've depleted our supply
of nanoprobes.
Replicate a new supply.
That is not possible.
Have the doctor extract them
from your bloodstream,
grow them in a petri dish,
whatever it takes.
If we do engage 8472,
I don't intend to run out
of firepower mid-battle.
should understand that.
You of all people
four million drones?
They killed what--
Directive 010:
alien species in battle,
"Before engaging
any and all attempts
to make first contact
resolution must be made."
and achieve nonmilitary
In this case, we made first
contact over a year ago,
and we barely got
out of it alive.
a battle is inevitable.
It seems to me
Maybe even war.
directive out of my mind?
So why can't I get that
to purge our galaxy of all life.
This species intends
your Starfleet philosophy.
It's time you resisted
Captain to the Bridge.
TUVOK:
( suspenseful theme playing )
The away team
is hailing us.
Tom.
Chakotay's in trouble.
He tried to contact us
ten minutes ago,
but his signal
was cut off.
went up around the habitat.
Some kind of force field
Has your vessel been detected?
We can't get a lock on him.
I don't think so.
At least no one's tried
to take a shot at us yet.
Keep trying to locate him.
Hold your position.
We're on our way.
PARIS: Yes, ma'am.
Bring those Borg weapons
on line.
Red Alert.
All hands to battle stations.
Take us out of orbit.
( suspenseful theme fading )
a tactical report to finish.
I thought you had
What'll you
have, son?
malt man, myself.
I'm a single
Aged 200 years.
for a special occasion.
Been saving it
is special enough, mm-hmm.
And I'd say this
A toast...to Earth.
Ah.
Rank: Commander.
Chakotay.
Starfleet Service Number:
47-Alpha-6-1-2.
First Officer, USS Voyager.
Species 8472.
Origin: Fluidic space.
been formally introduced,
Well, now that we've
how many ships?
Cat got your tongue?
I asked you a question.
have in the Delta Quadrant?
How many vessels do you
One.
How did you find us?
We detected what looked like
a Federation subspace
transmission.
to track it here.
It took us weeks
We wanted this simulation
to the last detail.
to be accurate
We obviously went
a little too far.
about our re-creation,
Now that you know
you've no doubt alerted
the Federation.
Your fleet will
be on its way.
You've got it wrong.
We're not planning a war
against you.
Is that why you were here
to spy on us--
because you're curious?
MALE:
Sir?
A starship is approaching.
It's Voyager.
Raise our shields.
Stand by, all weapons.
Captain Janeway is not here
to launch an attack.
She's here to find me.
the real McCoy here.
We've got
We might as well take
advantage of it.
Perform a genetic
extraction.
find a better way
It may help us
to maintain these
human forms.
Yes, sir.
( suspenseful theme playing )
We're approaching
the habitat.
Shields to maximum.
Charge weapons.
All hands, this is the Bridge.
Tactical alert.
stand by to engage the enemy.
Report to your posts and
I have a visual.
We're being scanned.
Let them take a look.
heading up from the habitat.
The Delta Flyer is
SEVEN:
Open a channel.
Tom? Status.
of potshots at us, Captain.
They've taken a couple
We've lost our shields.
Mind if we join you?
You're clear to dock.
Shuttle Bay 2.
Any word from Chakotay?
I'm afraid not.
Bring us within range.
Target their weapons array.
their power systems as well.
Captain, we should target
No, I don't wanna risk shutting
down their life support.
If we can end this
without casualties,
so much the better.
deserve our compassion.
This species does not
You picked a lousy time
for an ethical debate.
The weapons array now.
We're entering range.
3,800 kilometers.
3,500.
3,200.
CHAKOTAY:
Valerie.
That's not my name.
Then what is it?
You're afraid of us,
aren't you?
You think we're violent.
to destroy your species.
That we're planning
But none
of that's true.
If you would
take the time
we could prove it to you.
to speak to us directly,
"There are no secrets except the
secrets that keep themselves."
Shaw.
George Bernard Shaw.
I saw a copy of his collected
works on your bookshelf.
He had a complex mind...
for a human.
And he had a point.
As long as we keep spying
on each other,
making assumptions,
we probably will go to war.
( alarm blaring )
Voyager.
( suspenseful theme playing )
They're charging weapons.
Do the same.
We're being hailed.
Mr. Boothby.
Captain Janeway.
after all these years.
Good to see you
the Delta Quadrant?
Enjoying
Don't get sassy with me,
young lady.
may be Starfleet,
This re-creation
far more sophisticated.
but our weapons are
I can destroy your vessel
with a single command.
Run along, now.
I'm not going anywhere.
Not until you return
my First Officer
and give me a damn
good explanation
for what you're doing
in our galaxy.
I've targeted your re-creation
with Borg nanoprobes.
And we're willing to use them
if you force us to.
Don't try to rattle my cage.
I'll disable your tactical
systems before you--
our species engaged in battle,
The last time
you suffered heavy casualties.
Are you willing to take
that chance again?
An armed conflict
isn't going to solve
our problems.
We could go on making threats.
Spying on each other.
between our species.
Risking a war
a more direct approach.
Or we could try
What do you have in mind?
How about a class reunion?
Targ manure!
United Federation of Planets...
tolerance for all species...
Directive...
the Prime
every word of it.
targ manure,
Your metaphor is colorful,
but inaccurate.
Vulcan logic...
to the list.
add that
Obviously, you've studied
a Starfleet database.
You must've learned something
about our history.
our directives.
We adhere to
High-minded ideals
are one thing,
a very different story.
but your actions tell
You infiltrated
our re-creation,
captured and killed
one of our people.
took his own life.
I told you he
You created biological weapons
to infect our species.
You are allies with the Borg.
No.
There's a drone sitting
at this very table.
Look at her-- all gussied up
to look like a human being.
I am no longer part
of the Collective.
Once a Borg, always a Borg.
a member of this crew.
Seven of Nine is
The Borg are irrelevant.
It's the humans
that pose a threat.
the Federation
They think
invasion force
is a hostile
out to destroy
their species.
I see.
So you're planning a preemptive
strike against Earth.
Maybe I am.
I can't let that happen.
You realize
Fire your damn nanoprobes,
Go ahead.
blow our re-creation
to high heavens.
There are a dozen more
scattered throughout
the Quadrant.
You'll never find them all.
What if I told you
isn't planning an invasion,
that Starfleet
has even heard of you?
that no one on Earth
I'd say you're lying.
Federation database of yours.
Have another look at that
You'll see there's no mention
of your realm.
Immaterial.
BULLOCK:
regarding our species
Any information
has no doubt been classified
by Starfleet
Intelligence.
You know, we could
Good point.
debate going all day.
keep this paranoid
no reason to trust us,
You have
reason to trust you.
and we have no
Hear, hear. I knew this reunion
would be a fiasco.
Admiral...
JANEWAY:
Seven...
disarm the warheads.
Captain?
Do it.
to prove, young lady?
What are you trying
our finger off the trigger.
One of us has to take
It might as well be me.
Their weapons
are off-line.
It's a trick.
Our defenses are down.
What will you do now?
Blow Voyager to high heavens
or do we keep talking?
a flair for the dramatic,
Humans...you've got
I'll give you that.
You want to keep talking?
Fine by me, but no more
beating around the bush.
Now what do you want from us?
The truth, Captain.
in the Delta Quadrant.
Voyager is alone
with Earth for over four years.
We haven't been in contact
you attacked our realm,
Explain why
hand in hand with the Borg.
At the time, we didn't realize
the Borg had started
the war against you.
We forged a temporary
alliance with them
because we thought
you were the threat.
"Your galaxy will be purged."
Sound familiar?
We were only trying
to defend ourselves.
why are you still in our galaxy?
If that's true,
Your conflict with the Borg
ended over a year ago.
Why re-create Starfleet,
masquerade as humans?
the ones planning an invasion.
It looks to me like you're
The truth.
Don't answer her.
She's manipulating us.
If you won't answer,
I will.
Commander!
Our mission is to
infiltrate your homeworld,
to place operatives
levels of Starfleet,
in the highest
your military
monitor
installations.
It's a reconnaissance mission,
nothing more.
We should listen to her,
Captain.
They're being driven by fear
just like we are...
you said on our date
unless everything
was just part of an act.
It wasn't.
Enough!
We must not negotiate
with these creatures.
Sit down, Admiral.
Sir?
I said sit down,
right on your human butt.
or I'll knock you
You've been seduced by them,
both of you.
to see through human eyes,
I've had a chance
and I'm beginning to wonder,
are they really so violent?
What if we're wrong?
We can't risk trusting them.
You'd rather risk another war?
Keep talking, son.
Archer's right.
We've got to set aside
our preconceptions
about each other.
Granted, our species didn't meet
of circumstances,
under the best
make first contact again.
but maybe we can
we'll get it right.
Maybe this time,
You believe in
this fellow?
Yes.
be a few ground rules.
There would have to
Name them.
First off, I want to take a look
at that nanoprobe technology.
It scares the hell out of me.
All right...
but I'll need some tactical
information in return--
your genetic alteration
techniques for a start.
something can be arranged.
I'm sure
You on board, Admiral?
Good enough for me.
( majestic theme playing )
Stardate 52136.4.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
We've managed to avoid
a military conflict
with Species 8472...
at least for now.
to strengthen the truce,
In an effort
we're exchanging technology.
The design schematics
for our nanoprobe
weapons, as requested.
toward allaying their fears.
This could go a long way
Perhaps.
Have a little
faith, Seven.
It's difficult
to have faith in an idea
which may prove
tactically unsound.
Tactically unsound?
Perhaps.
the first step toward peace.
It could also be
It's a risk I'm
willing to take.
Are you sure you
won't join us?
It would be your first
chance to see Earth.
I prefer to remain
aboard Voyager.
If problems arise
while you're in the habitat--
There won't be
any problems--
nothing tactical
at any rate.
a stage of diplomacy
We're entering
where most of the problems
will be cultural.
hands with an 8472?
How do you shake
We'll be fine.
to disarm the warheads
When you ordered me
during the negotiation,
an immediate attack.
I anticipated
I believed they
would take advantage
of your human weakness.
I was wrong.
If I had been
in your position,
we would most likely
be engaged
in a battle with 8472
at this moment.
How did you know?
Like I said...
I didn't.
Faith.
Starfleet Command Re-creation.
Welcome to Terrasphere 8,
I am Admiral Bullock,
and I'll be acquainting you
with our facility.
Questions, comments--
bring them to me.
to Lieutenant Kinis.
Problems-- talk
you wanted to examine
Commander Tuvok,
our thermionic
generators.
Yes.
I'll take you there personally.
Ambassador Nellix.
It's Neelix, sir.
Neelix.
You'll be joining
the Lieutenant.
He'll familiarize you
with our environmental
control technology.
forward to hearing
Wonderful. I look
your perspective
on Vulcans.
You didn't happen
to re-create
a little coffee shop
on Market Street, the Night Owl?
Afraid not.
You're welcome to stay.
Put your feet up.
We won't be returning
to fluidic space
for another day or two.
Thank you, but
the real Earth
is a long way from here.
back on the road.
I'd like to get
they'll listen to you?
What are the chances
I can't promise you
the moon, Captain.
My superiors aren't
as forward-thinking.
Peace with humans?
Wow. They're going
to hit the roof,
but I'll tell them
what happened here today,
and with a pinch of luck,
a few of them
might see the light.
Voyager's com frequency.
Well, you've got
to contact us.
You know how
this process alive.
I hope we can keep
Don't call us,
we'll call you.
( both giggle )
Oh, I almost forgot.
Ah...
( serene theme playing )
Genetically synthesized...
but they smell
just as lovely.
Oh...
( sniffs )
CHAKOTAY:
Looking forward
to going home?
At least I can finally
get out of this form.
No more insomnia.
No more sleeping,
period.
For what it's worth,
you made a terrific human.
Shame...
Hmm?
It's too bad our species
are so different.
you for a second date.
Otherwise, I'd ask
You did offer
to be my guide.
How about a tour
of your realm sometime?
I'd like that.
Well...
I'm due back on Voyager.
We leave at 0400.
I'll never get a chance
to do this again.
( soft theme playing )
Any better this time?
You're a quick study.
( majestic theme swells )
( majestic theme playing )